[Recorder] Bug Fix - Filter secrets from JSON (#7175)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/test-utils/recorder/CHANGELOG.md

## 2020-01-30

> - Fixed a bug where the replacements aren't properly filerted in the JSON recordings.

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where the replacements aren't properly filtered in the JSON recordings. [#7175](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/issues/7175)
```
